Update readme (#3722)
deephaven/deephaven-core: proto/README.md

# Deephaven Protobuf

For Java, proto changes will be automatically reflected when building/running the Java server app. Sections below list files that must be manually generated and committed to source control when proto files change.

## Python/Go/C++ API

```sh
./gradlew :py-client:updateProtobuf :go:updateProtobuf :cpp-client:updateProtobuf
```

## Authorization

See [authorization readme](../authorization/README.md)

## JS API

> Needs info on how to generate

Reviewer: Noting that this and the tests section in the py file still need info.

# Deephaven Protobuf

> For Java, proto changes will be automatically refelected when building/running the Java server app. Sections below list files which must be manually generated and committed to source control when proto files change.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For Java, proto changes will be automatically reflected when building/running the Java server app. Sections below list files that must be manually generated and committed to source control when proto files change.
```

## JS API

Needs info on how to generate

## Python API

> Needs info on how to generate

Reviewer: @chipkent ?

Author: Added the info in a followup commit
